[narrator]
First you fall in love.
‐ Please be my girlfriend!
‐ [gasps]
Then you confess it...
[stammers]
and find it returned in full.
‐ [bell peals]
‐ Ask anyone,
and they’ll say
this is a wonderful thing.
[party poppers popping]
But they are so very wrong.
Even with
the cutest of couples,
there are power dynamics
at work.
There’s a side that gives
and a side that takes,
one who rules
and one who serves,
a winner and a loser.
[blade scrapes]
If it is your wish
to live a noble life,
you must not become the loser.
Love is no game!
It’s war!
Whoever gives their heart first
will be conquered.
[Japanese music playing]
[birds chirping]
[narrator]
Welcome to Shuchiin Academy,
a prestigious school
established many years ago
to serve the noble and
warrior classes of Japan.
Though the class system
has been abolished,
many talented students
born into wealthy,
distinguished families
attend this school.
And now a brief message
from our student council.
[gasps] I love
hearing from them. Yay!
As you can imagine,
a student body filled
with so much promise and talent
can’t be led by just anyone.
This is Kaguya Shinomiya,
V.P. of the academy’s
student council.
Her family owns
the Shinomiya Group,
one of Japan’s
top business conglomerates,
with over
a thousand subsidiaries,
worth 200 trillion yen.
She is the epitome
of well‐bred refinement.
Her brilliant mind is befitting
of her superior lineage,
as are the achievements
she’s made in various fields,
such as traditional
performance,
music, and martial arts.
That’s who she is.
But let’s talk
about this guy right here.
The student council’s
president, Miyuki Shirogane,
a brilliant student
whose name tops the list
of any exam he takes.
Though he lacks
Kaguya’s upbringing,
his devotion to studying
commands great respect.
It’s rare
for a transfer student
to be elected president,
but in Shirogane’s case,
this is a testament
to his work ethic.
He bears the weight
of a solid‐gold braided cord
that’s been passed down
between Shuchiin presidents
for centuries.
Thank you.
[audience gasps]
Their coolness quadruples
every time I see those two.
Yeah, something about
the pair of them together
makes them even cooler
than they are on their own.
[girl 1] I still can’t help
but wonder if they’re dating.
[girl 2] No. That would be,
like, the shock of the century.
[girl 1 sighs]
The conversations they must have
behind the doors
of the student council room.
[Fujiwara gasps]
Wow! No way!
You finally bought a smartphone?
And I installed
the Line app.
Ooh! We should
totes trade I. D. s.
[narrator] It’s an I. T. world
after all.
Even Shirogane,
a stubborn cheapskate
who’s always
called smartphones unnecessary,
has given in and bought one.
If it weren’t for smartphones,
high schoolers
would be completely lost.
From making plans
to breaking plans,
everything happens
via phone these days.
And getting left unread
is one of the worst feelings
known to man.
Some people even use phones
to confess their love.
That’s right.
The past six months
were a bust,
because he wasn’t using Line.
[Shirogane] You can ask
for my I. D. anytime, Shinomiya.
Yay!
Our Line friendship is official.
Go, us.
[Shirogane] Wait.
Why isn’t she asking?
Doesn’t she want to text me?!
Pull yourself together.
Of course she does.
Now you could
just ask for her info, but...
[narrator] Shirogane knows
this is no casual request.
To the shrewd observer,
it’s tantamount
to asking her out on a date.
It’s the first step
on the path towards love.
Give your heart,
and be conquered.
In young love,
this law is absolute.
To ask a girl for her digits
is to admit
you want to get close to her,
and that admission comes
at a heavy price.
[girl] Turns out the president
is head over heels for the V. P.
[girl 2] I’m gonna
tell everybody I know!
[narrator]
For a young man at his age,
it’s a fate worse than death.
[Shirogane]
Considering the implications,
there’s no way I can ask her,
which means
I need her to ask me.
[Shinomiya]
He’s obviously hoping
that I’ll ask for his number,
but he’d best
not hold his breath.
Why would I squander
a perfectly good opportunity
to watch his squirm while
nervously asking for my number?
[narrator]
Conflict is inevitable.
For one to win,
another must lose.
[both] You’ll break first.
[narrator]
It’s a test of willpower.
Whoever asks
for the other’s info
exposes their shameful thirst.
[Shinomiya] Poor boy.
He’s completely oblivious
to all the subliminal messages
I sent his way
to convince him to get a phone.
And now that he has one,
I can finally contact him
outside of school.
This plan was ingenious,
even by my standards.
[Shirogane]
What’s your plan, Shinomiya?
Sit back and hope
I break before you do?
Well, I’m not that easy.
‐ [cell phone chimes]
‐ Huh?
Oh, neat.
You changed your profile pic
just now.
So I did. I thought I’d use
a photo from when I was a kid.
It’s cute!
I guess you never
grew out of the scowl.
A picture of the president
as a kid?
[Shirogane] It’s kind of
an embarrassing shot.
Good thing I don’t even care.
Think I’ll change it
to something more recent.
I’ll swap it in three minutes.
What?! If he swaps that picture
out for another one,
I’ll lose my shot at glimpsing
into his childhood.
But I can’t just up and
ask him for his contact info.
That would make it seem
like I want to talk to him
all the time.
It would be like saying
I secretly want to text him
every night
before I go to sleep
or stay up late
on the phone with him
the night before a test.
He might think
that kind of nonsense
was going through my head!
Call me old‐fashioned,
but I believe
it’s the man’s responsibility
to ask the lady
for her information.
You know what I mean, right?
It’s a last resort,
but I have to use it.
‐ [crying]
‐ Huh?
Are you okay?
[crying]
You’re so cruel...
so very cruel.
[both gasp]
I‐I never realized
how awful you could be,
President.
I’m hurt.
[narrator]
Power of deception activate.
You’re heartless, heartless!
‐ [gasps]
‐ [narrator] Her words
are as empty
as they are dramatic.
But when someone accuses you
of being mean,
you naturally start
to feel guilty.
In psychology, this is known
as the Barnum effect.
I didn’t mean to leave you out.
I’m sorry.
I’ll show it to you too,
so please stop crying!
‐ [gasps]
‐ No, hold on!
Too late.
[narrator] Oh!
She memorized it!
Though it was
a fleeting glance,
his profile pic has been
forever engrained
into her hippocampus.
‐ [groans]
‐ He lost the sole ace
he had up his sleeve, which
gives Kaguya the advantage!
What a comeback!
[whimpering]
[Shinomiya chuckles]
Now I’m back to having
no reason whatsoever
to request your information,
President.
But you’re more than welcome
to ask for mine.
I underestimated her.
What do I do now?
[stammering]
[narrator] He wracks his brain
for more options.
I guess I’ll have to use that.
[narrator] Whatever that is,
she’s ready to shut it down.
‐ I win.
‐ This could be it, folks!
I feel so dumb
for forgetting, Kaguya!
It really was cruel of us
to use apps like Line
right in front of you.
Your flip phone
doesn’t even support them.
[crying] I’m sorry!
[both] It can’t use apps?!
[Shirogane] What’s a rich girl
doing with a flip phone?
I’ve had it
since I was in preschool!
We’ve been through
a lot together,
so I’m sort of attached to it!
[narrator] This is what happens
when love clashes
with intellect
and runs endless circles
around two people.
[sneezes]
It sure is cold out today.
I hope summer
will get here soon.
You’re gonna be hoping
for a while.
We still have to get
through spring, you know.
Maybe you haven’t heard,
but time has a way
of sneaking up on you!
Act now, or you’ll graduate
without having done the things
you set out to do.
[thump thump]
[giggles]
Why don’t we go
on a student council
group vacay over the summer?
Yeah, good idea.
I think it could have
a nice team‐building function.
‐ [Fujiwara] Yes!
‐ A trip, huh?
Then it’s gotta be
to the mountains.
Bright skies and crisp air.
The reverberating call
of the wild.
[camera clicks]
[sizzling]
We’ll rent a cottage,
have a barbecue,
and come nightfall,
the starry sky
will cast its spell.
Right there. You see?
That’s Deneb, Altair, and Vega,
the Summer Triangle.
It tells us the story
of Hikoboshi and Orihime.
Those stars
have a lot in common with us,
so close...
yet so far.
[Shinomiya yelps] I can’t
take it anymore, President!
I want to close the distance
and be your Alpha Centauri Bb.
Please let me spend the rest
of my days in your orbit!
You’re kinda needy for being
the brightest star in the sky.
[narrator] Bingo!
[Shirogane]
It’s the perfect destination.
If we take a trip,
I think the mountains would be‐‐
We should make it
a trip to the ocean.
[gasps]
[narrator]
Ocean versus mountains!
An age‐old argument people
have been squabbling over
since they found out oceans
and mountains existed.
How will our combatants
take to this one?
[Shinomiya] The ocean
is the origin of all life.
With its fathomless depths
before us
and the hot, beating sun
at our backs,
we’re all reduced
to creatures of instinct.
He’ll be captivated
the second he sees my swimsuit.
‐ [woman vocalizing]
‐ [laughing]
[giggles]
Then as the sun sets,
the sea will cast
its spell on us,
and he’ll confess his love.
Perfection.
The sound of the waves crashing
is the best lullaby there is,
and the refreshing ocean breeze
will blow the summer heat away.
[Shirogane] The ocean?
That’s the last place I’ll go.
I can’t even swim.
[tapping]
I could always wear a floatie.
Though drowning
might be preferable.
[Shinomiya] I had no idea you
were such a hopeless swimmer.
You really are quite cute.
It has to be the mountains.
The ocean is not an option!
The beach’d be way too crowded.
And all that sand
gets irritating.
My family owns a private beach,
so we can avoid all the crowds
by going there.
We can wash the sand away
with the outside showers.
But your fair skin
will get burnt to a crisp.
I’ll be sure to bring
the highest‐grade sunscreen
known to man.
I’ll even hire
a first‐class beautician
to care for us
after our fun in the sun.
‐ What about the sharks?
‐ They won’t be a problem
if we have a first‐rate
fisherman to hunt them for us.
We’ll eat what he catches too.
‐ [teeth grind]
‐ [groans]
Damn you, rich girl.
[Shinomiya]
Though I admire your effort,
I’ve already written
a series of manuals
to prepare
for when you oppose me.
No matter how you attack,
I can render you
completely harmless.
We can only take this trip
in the summer, right?
Well, then think.
Mountain weather
is far too unpredictable.
What if we get nothing but rain?
Not to mention the bugs.
[Shirogane] Bugs?
[Shinomiya] Moths, ladybugs,
‐ cicadas, mosquitoes...
‐ No, not bugs.
drone beetles, wasps.
I can’t stand
those creepy‐crawlies!
I won’t be able to swim
if we go to the ocean,
but the mountains
are swarming with insects.
[shudders]
[sighs]
Guess I’ll buy a swimsuit.
[Shinomiya] Success.
Yeah, I should buy one too.
I had a little bit
of a growth spurt,
so my bathing suit
from last year
‐ doesn’t fit me anymore.
‐ [gasps]
‐ [bullets ricochet]
[rumble]
[wails]
[narrator] Kaguya typically
has great confidence
in her body, but when forced
to compare herself with girls
of a certain "caliber,"
she feels like she’s
working with BB guns.
Chika, on the other hand,
is a tank‐class living weapon.
The difference
in their power is staggering.
[Shinomiya]
How can I enchant him
with those bouncing around?
[boom]
Hot damn! You look hot!
I mean, you look all right,
but when I compare
your equipment with hers,
I can really
only call you cute.
[wails]
Let’s go to the mountains.
‐ Huh?!
‐ The beach is crowded.
We’ll get sandy,
and there are lots of sharks.
Mountains are better.
[Fujiwara] You didn’t
think so before!
No, you’ve convinced me!
The mountains
are gross and rainy!
‐ The ocean is better!
‐ [Fujiwara] You switched too?!
‐ Mountains win.
‐ The ocean wins.
‐ Mountains. Mountains.
‐ Ocean. Ocean.
‐ Moun...
‐ Oce...
‐ tins.
‐ ans. [grumbles]
[Shirogane] Fine!
Let’s have Fujiwara decide.
Me?! Are you guys sure?
‐ [Shinomiya] 100%.
‐ [yelps]
Come on. Pick the ocean.
If there’s
an ounce of loyalty in you,
you’ll pick mountains.
Um, let’s see.
Well, between those two...
mountains.
‐ That’s my girl.
‐ [growls]
Oh, but not just any mountain.
I’d really like to visit
Mount Osore.
[both] Mount Osore?
[ominous music playing]
[Fujiwara] It’s home to
the riverbed of the underworld,
littered with pinwheels
symbolizing life and death.
We can have the mediums
call us up a spirit
from Blood Pond Hell.
Who should we ask for?
‐ There’s Jesus or Buddha...
‐ Well...
‐ Prince Shotoku...
‐ summer is still a ways off.
Aristotle or Cleopatra...
Thank goodness.
[narrator] The results
for today’s battle,
eh, Chika’s weird.
...Caesar, Marie Antoinette,
or Maximillian Robespierre!
You want romantic advice?
Yes, and who better to ask
than the smartest guy
in our entire school?
I mean, you’ve mastered
the books and the ladies.
[sighs]
I see.
‐ [fanfare plays]
‐ Step into my office.
‐ Ah, thank you!
The book‐smarts thing
I understand,
but when did I get a reputation
for being a lady’s man?
[narrator]
Miyuki Shirogane, age 17,
dating experience... [chuckles]
‐ Right.
‐ [Shirogane] This sucks.
What if I expose myself
by accident?
[boy] The president
is still a virgin.
Aw, poor guy.
How disappointing.
[Shinomiya chuckles]
Where the heck
did you come from?
You really are quite cute.
No, I’m not. I’m a man!
So you need romantic advice?
You’ve come to the right guy.
Not too brag, but I’ve
never once been rejected.
That’s my kind of leader.
[narrator] He isn’t lying,
but that’s ’cause he’s
never asked anyone out.
[Shinomiya] He’s giving
romantic advice?
I don’t actually know
his views on love,
but this could be
my chance to change that.
Okay, so what’s up?
There’s this really cute girl
in my class named Kashiwagi,
and...
I just want to confess
my love to her!
‐ Hmm.
‐ Ohh!
That said, I’m worried
that she’ll turn me down,
and I wonder if I should
get to know her better
before I do something I regret.
You could.
How much have you interacted?
Well, she gave me some
chocolate on Valentine’s Day.
Yeah? What kind was it?
Choco Balls...
exactly three.
What?!
Was there any meaning
behind them?
[Shinomiya] It means she felt
vaguely sorry for you.
Based on my ample experience,
I’d say...
she’s definitely
in love with you.
[Shinomiya] Really? She only
gave him Choco Balls.
Girls are frustrating creatures
who like to hide their feelings!
Their actions tend to contradict
their actual desires.
So while those balls
might seem like a pity gift...
They’re actually
a romantic gift?
[Shinomiya] What kind
of logic is that?
[Shirogane sighs] All right.
That sounded like
half‐decent advice.
I honestly don’t get the vibe
that she’s into me, though.
‐ Hmm?
‐ I mean, just the other day...
So, like, are you single,
or do you have a girlfriend?
I‐I’m single.
Yeah, I thought so.
‐ Still on the market, girls.
‐ [giggling]
Could have told you that
from his looks.
‐ Too funny.
‐ I’ll say.
[stammers]
I’m not positive,
but I think she might have
been picking on me.
Yeah, she was
definitely picking on him.
Based on everything he said,
she doesn’t sound
the slightest bit interested.
‐ [Shirogane] I’ve got it.
‐ Eh?
It’s because you’re popular.
[Shinomiya] Huh?!
Why be so suspicious of
the things she says and does?!
She’s a human being,
just like you and me!
‐ He’s contradicting himself.
‐ Let me break
that situation down for you.
So, like, are you single,
or do you have a girlfriend?
[Shirogane] "’Cause I’ll change
that for you if you don’t."
I‐I’m single.
Yeah, I thought so.
"Wow, we’re already
on the same wavelength."
Still on the market, girls.
I could have told you that
from his looks.
"He looks
way out of our league."
That’s too funny.
"What are the odds
he’d be available?"
[giggles]
"Back the hell up, girls.
He’s mine."
[Shinomiya] That seems
wildly optimistic.
Can’t be. No way.
[Shinomiya sighs]
At least he has sense.
I’m so popular
that all four of them like me,
and now I have to choose one?
Ugh! I spoke too soon.
But wait.
Won’t those cause a rift
in their friend circle?
Worst case, it could result
in some bullying.
Female friendships
are petty like that, sadly.
I’ll just pretend
I didn’t hear that.
But everything will work out,
because you’ll be there
to help her.
You’ll protect her
from the bullies.
You think so? I can...
protect her?
‐ Thank you.
‐ [grunts]
[Shinomiya] They’re delusional.
I’ve never confessed my love
to someone before.
How do you think
I should go about it?
‐ Thought you’d never ask.
‐ [gasps]
Okay, imagine
there’s a girl right here.
‐ Sure!
‐ You walk up to her
and do this!
[gasps]
"I want to date you."
[gasping]
You see, getting in her space’ll
make her nervous,
and that will get
her blood pumping.
Then when you lean in close
and speak of love,
her heart’ll be going berserk,
and that increases your chances.
He really startled me.
I call this technique...
the Big Wall Boom.
It’s my own invention.
It’s called a wall slam,
and it’s been around for years!
That’s genius.
No, you’re just dumb!
I can’t thank you enough.
You’ve given me the courage
to actually do this.
I knew the guy who won the heart
of Shinomiya could help me out.
[both gasp]
I don’t know who told you
that the two of us were dating,
but I can assure you
that isn’t the case.
Of course it isn’t.
As if I’d ever
give my heart
to someone like him.
But from what I’ve seen
of you two,
you seem really close.
Looks can be deceiving.
Lately, I’ve started to think
she might hate me.
So, yeah,
I doubt she’s interested.
What? Where would he
get an idea like that?
Was it something I said?
[narrator] Really?
But, President, you’re
a person with feelings too,
so how do you feel?!
You’re asking
how I feel about Shinomiya?
She’s a rich girl.
She’s smart, talented, and
completely obnoxious about it.
‐ [growls]
‐ She goes from childishly ditsy
to pseudo‐psychopathic
at the drop of a hat,
and she’s flatter
than an early map of the Earth,
but that really
just adds to her charm.
‐ [gasps]
‐ You know what I mean, right?
She’s cute, yet refined,
innocent, yet subtly lethal.
She’s so stinking perfect,
I can barely believe she’s real!
That’s right!
Between you and me,
Shinomiya’s everything
I want in a girl!
[whimpers]
[Shirogane] She’s standing right
outside the frigging door.
Good thing I noticed.
Listen,
don’t keep your feelings
locked inside.
Just be straight with her.
She’ll appreciate it,
believe me.
Weird. Why did those words
strike a chord with me?
Uh, okay, Prez.
I’ll do my best.
‐ [footsteps]
‐ [gasps]
Thanks for the advice.
I’ll put it to good use.
[grunting]
Eh?
‐ Huh?
‐ [chuckling]
Um, Kaguya?
What’s up?
You get some good news?
Now, now. It’s nothing.
[chuckles]
[narrator] Afterward...
‐ [gasps]
the Big Wall Boom
somehow worked.
Tsubasa and Kashiwagi
are apparently a couple now.
[giggles]
I made tea.
Would you care for a fresh cup?
Uh, thank you.
That’d be nice.
[giggling]
Ah, she seems to be
in a better mood.
[narrator] Results
for today’s battle,
Shirogane nullified
a crisis of his own making,
but just barely.
It’s his own fault she was
pissed in the first place,
so he’ll take
the "L" for today.
[gasps]
[Japanese music playing]